DAWN RELEASE - INSTALL OR UPDATE

1. Extract the entire ZIP into a new folder, such as Downloads.
2. Close Destiny 2.
3. To KEEP YOUR EXISTING DAWN SAVE, double-click Update-Dawn.cmd.
   To START A FRESH SAVE, double-click Install-Dawn.cmd.
4. Enter the game folder containing destiny2.exe.
5. Wait for success, then launch destiny2.exe normally.

Requires Destiny 2 version 86657.20.08.23.1800.d2_rc and Windows PowerShell 5.1
or newer. The game is not included. No compiler, Python, separate Lua
installation, or source checkout is needed. Keep the scripts, release.json,
and payload folder together; do not run from inside the ZIP.

UPDATING AN OLDER DAWN RELEASE

Update-Dawn keeps progress, inventory, identity, saved game settings, Dawn
preferences, event choices, and custom files. It installs the current DLL,
packaged missions, vendor rules, and event presets at both game load locations.
Packaged files replace older files with the same names. Custom scripts with
other names remain. Separate root/bin profiles remain separate.

Old save databases are upgraded automatically on first launch. Caches rebuild,
so that launch can take longer. Your native graphics and key-binding preference
file is not changed by the updater. Repeating an update keeps existing progress.
Update-Dawn requires an existing Dawn profile; it does not select a Sunrise or
Restoration profile. These older folders remain intact.

Run the updater directly from PowerShell:
  .\Update-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'D:\Games\Destiny 2'

Preview an update without making changes:
  .\Update-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'D:\Games\Destiny 2' -WhatIf

FRESH INSTALLATION

Install-Dawn starts a fresh save EVERY TIME, including a reinstall. The previous
Dawn folders and DLLs are backed up, but their personal data is not imported.
The fresh installer sets Windowed Fullscreen and preserves resolution, render
scale, graphics quality, and native key bindings. This display mode is shared
by Destiny installations under the same Windows user. You can change it later.

BACKUP AND ROLLBACK

Both workflows keep complete backups under <game>\.dawn\release-backups.
If replacement fails, the script attempts to restore the previous files.
Nothing launches automatically and no running game is stopped for you.

To restore the most recent installation or update, close Destiny 2 and run:
  .\Update-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'D:\Games\Destiny 2' -Restore

To choose a particular backup, also pass -BackupPath followed by its full path.
Restore rolls back BOTH the DLL and its matching save. Do not replace an older
DLL on its own after a save upgrade. Progress created after the update is kept
separately in the backup's after-restore folder. Keep it if you need that data.

If recovery is required after an interruption, use the backup path in the error
message. Do not delete that backup. Restoring a fresh installation also restores
its previous display preferences and must use the installing Windows account.
Restoring an update does not change display preferences.

Only run release bundles from a trusted publisher. Payload hashes detect missing
or changed files; they do not authenticate the publisher.
